Hey.
Anyone catch the sunrise this morning? Ah.
It just keeps getting later and later
every day.
-I got you a coffee, K-dog.
-Permission to reject nickname?
Permission granted, Kavarooney.
Ooh, there it is.
-Found it.
-[Kaavi] You found nothing.
[Annie] Well, well, well.
Did someone heed my advice
and clamp her puss around a good attitude?
Hey, why shouldn't I have a good attitude?
The launch is in ten days.
We've already found our hundred pieces.
Kavarooney's finishing up the site.
[Kaavi] Please stop.
And you are going to be throwing us
a sweet-ass party.
Uh, yeah, I am.
My entire day is devoted to the playlists.
I need a pregame, a throw-down,
a postgame, a chill mix, a step up--
Don't forget "It's 3 a.m.,
get out and throw your cups away,
I ain't your mama" mix.
Why not just turn the music off?
Because that would be party suicide,
Kavarooney.
Oh, yeah. That name's gonna stick.
["I'll Come Crashing" playing]
♪ Nothing in my nature
Tells me not to do bad things ♪
♪ I know that I really
Should be... ♪
Let's not stop at 100 pieces.
-We should add more.
-How many more?
Ten, 20, 50, however many we can find.
Let's not stop at this stubby dick.
Let's make it bigger.
I don't care how hard it is.
[chuckles] Man, that thing
just keeps paying off.
[laughs]
Yeah, I'm a magnet at parties.
Because of my approachable face,
and people sense a vulnerability
in me that's just not there.
So, does that mean
that you're coming or not?
You haven't RSVP'd yet.
[scoffs] Oh, God. "RSVP."
"Hello, the '80s called.
One moment, I'll check.
Is there a Poindexter here? No?
He's moonwalking with Webster?" Mm.
[both chuckle]
-I understood none of that.
-Well, good.
'Cause you'd be in tears right now,
it's such a cutting remark.
Oh. Okay.
["I'll Come Crashing" playing]
♪ Nothing in my nature
Tells me not to do bad things ♪
♪ I know that I really
Should be good tonight ♪
♪ There's a kind of satisfaction... ♪
But I guess I'll come
to your little gathering.
-See you soon.
-Bye.
[chuckles]
♪ I'll come crashing down
In the ash of a fire rack ♪
[cell phone buzzing]
♪ I'll come crashing ♪
♪ I'll come crashing down
In the ash of a fire rack ♪
♪ It feels ♪
♪ Nothing matches the passionate thrill
Of desire, oh ♪
♪ Fuck, yeah ♪
Shane cheated on me.
Whew.
God, I haven't said that out loud yet.
I thought I could make it
to the launch without dealing with it.
But I'm losing my mind.
I just can't stop thinking about it.
I'm sad.
I'm angry.
Embarrassed.
I feel so dumb.
And I don't have time to feel
any of those things right now.
Who the fuck is Shane?
My boyfriend.
I told you about him a few months ago.
Oh, right.
-You two kept things "cas."
-Yeah.
It wasn't, though.
[chuckles] It never is.
You know, I tried that once.
You remember those two Black Panthers
at the '68 Olympics
who raised their fists in protest?
-No.
-Open a book.
Jesus.
Anyway...
It was with the white guy
who came in second.
We kept things "cas"
in that Olympic Village.
We kept things real "cas."
I wish I could unsee it.
It doesn't work that way.
You know what you need to do.
I don't want to break up with him.
Then forgive him?
I'd rather you slap me.
I mean, I can't even look at him
in the-- [groans]
My God, with those sandpaper hands.
Feel better?
Not at all.
Exactly.
You have to make a choice.
Yes, I would like catering
for 20 to 200 people,
and we don't have much money.
So, uh, do you have
any inexpensive options?
Okay.
Does that broth come in different flavors?
Just cow.
[banging]
[Annie] Hold on. Hey.
Hey.
I'm on the phone.
Oh, sorry.
[Annie] And, um, how much would that cost?
Hey, you.
Under the stairs.
Hidden away like the family embarrassment.
I like your artwork.
It's useless and impractical.
Thank you. [chuckles]
Yeah, Annie says that everything you see
before you was inspired by that piece.
So, she wanted me to bring it in
as a gift to Sophia.
This conversation has reached
a natural stopping point.
I'm gonna turn away now
so I can get back to work.
You work here?
I didn't know they were hiring.
-Hey. Are you guys--
-[shushes]
Um, you know what? I think
I'm gonna have to charm my way into Costco
and call it a day. Okay.
-What?
What? What do you want?
-Oh, is now a good time? Oh.
-Yeah. Mm-hmm.
I wanna help with the launch.
Oh. Well, thank you.
But I think I have it covered.
Oh. Please?
I'm in between passions right now,
and my days are empty.
How many games of Uno can I play
with my mother before we lose our minds?
The answer is siete seis.
Well, I could use some help decorating
for the party tomorrow.
You got it. Say no more.
Oh, God, I'm excited. [laughs]
-[Annie] Hi, yes...
-Hey, girl.
Did you hear?
-We're gonna be hanging out together.
-I'm gonna need a name first.
Try to guess.
-Bradley.
-Ooh.
No, but could you imagine?
Keep guessing.
-Tyler?
-[imitates buzzer]
-Mark?
-No.
Mm... Jim?
♪ I know I'm down ♪
♪ I'm gone
I'm comin' round ♪
♪ I know I'm down ♪
-Can I help you with something?
-Yeah, I need to speak with Shane.
Are they almost done?
Just about.
♪ I know I'm down ♪
♪ I'm gone
I'm comin' round ♪
♪ I know I'm down ♪
♪ I'm gone
I'm comin' round ♪
-Hey, Shane. Somebody's here to--
-Yeah, it's me.
Sophia.
Your girlfriend.
You know, the thing you needed to call me
so that you didn't turn into a lying,
cheating, fuck-face scumbag.
[man] Oh, shit.
-Sophia, I, um...
-[Sophia] How could you do this to me
during the most important time
of my career?
Of my life.
-And you called me selfish?
-Yeah, I-- She-- I--
-How do I mute this asshole?
-[Shane] Sophia, I can expl--
I don't want your excuses.
I don't wanna hear
how it was a one-time thing,
like there's something special
about a rehearsal studio.
Like you just happened
to succumb to your urges
in this tiny, shitty room
with your emo music playing.
And you, with the guitar.
I'll always remember you
as the girl on her knees.
And you're gonna have to
tell your kids that.
Or maybe you won't. Kids are perceptive.
They know when Mommy's a slut.
Oh, boy. You're bringing the kids in.
You're right. That was too far.
This is on Shane.
But still, woman to woman...
so not cool.
Sophia, please.
Two years of my life wasted on you.
I'm not gonna waste another second.
[Annie] I can't believe
he did that to you.
It was so rough.
I was like, "Oh. There's my boyfriend.
And that's a girl sucking his dick."
[laughs]
[Sophia groans]
[groans]
Oh, my God. I would've panicked. [coughs]
I would have gone full To Catch a Predator
on his ass.
I would've been like, "Freeze,
motherfucker. You're going to jail."
[laughs] Well, this is what I did:
-That's also good.
-[laughs]
-Yeah.
-That's what happened.
[Annie laughs]
No, it's...
It's all good.
And you know what? I...
-I wish him the best.
-For reals?
Yeah.
Yeah, I just hope
he doesn't do it to the next girl.
That's a pretty adult thing you just said.
Thank you.
[glasses clink]
-[squeaks] This is some strong-ass shit.
-[coughs] It tastes like the sun's piss.
[Annie coughs, then grunts]
Holy shit.
My life looks so different.
It's pretty crazy.
Tomorrow's the day.
The big launch.
Sophia, this is the night
we're gonna look back on when we're old.
Yeah?
And our boobs
are in totally different places.
[both laugh]
And we're reminiscing
about the good old times.
Just sitting on the floor.
So innocent.
So much ahead of us.
Okay, stop talking about the moment.
Talking about the moment ruins the moment.
Oh, okay, but on my deathbed,
I'm only going to think of two things.
Oh?
This night...
and when Kelly Clarkson won American Idol.
I fucked a firefighter that night.
[both laughing]
I don't care about Kelly Clarkson.
-[Sophia] We ready?
-[Kaavi] All that's left is to go live.
-Just click there.
-I can't believe it. This moment is here.
Everything that we've worked toward.
It all comes down
to pushing this one button.
-Can I push the button?
-Jesus, how long have you been here?
Hush. It's Sophia's night.
-[Sophia] This is it.
-[Annie] Oh, my God.
I could just...
Here goes nothing.
Congratulations.
You're live.
[humming fanfare]
I'd have felt real dumb
if I'd sprung for those big scissors.
-Okay. What do we do now?
-You just sit and wait.
It's all very anticlimactic.
-How do we see what's sold?
-Site admin page.
Use your log-in. All transactions
and user comments are logged there.
Now, please,
can I just go to the bathroom?
-Of course. No one knew you had to go.
-Thank you.
[rapid clicking]
Sophia.
-A watched pot never boils.
-Well, I mean, eventually it'll boil.
It's just boring to watch,
and it doesn't speed up the process.
You're right.
For my own sanity,
I should just try to enjoy tonight.
Yeah. Whatever happens, happens.
Yes. Good.
[exhales]
[dance music playing]
So?
What do you think?
You really went for it.
Yes, well, I thought it would take me
years to discover my new passion,
but it just took one afternoon
and a trip to Party City.
Hmm. Is your new passion streamers?
No. It's helping you.
No, I really believe in what you're doing,
and I want to be a part of it.
I mean, it must be kismet. You launching
your site, me leaving the art world.
Buy-one, get-one-free streamers.
I mean, these are all signs.
Oh, unrelated. Um...
Here's the receipt.
And no, you don't have to
reimburse me immediately.
There's a Snickers on there.
I got really hungry
while I was waiting in line.
You don't have to pay me for that.
Just really thrilled to be here, again.
It was a king-size.
-I'll pay for the Snickers, Nathan.
-Oh. [scoffs] Only if you want to.
So, excited for the party?
I'm only staying to make sure
the website runs smoothly.
Oh, no. Come on.
Let me make you a drink.
No, thank you.
A U.K. medical journal showed that out
of 20 drugs, alcohol was the most harmful.
What are you talking about?
There's only like six drugs.
Pot, cocaine, acid and like three more.
Well, I guess my drug of choice
is the enjoyment of seamlessly integrating
JavaScript on the client side
with a Python backend framework.
-Let me guess. No "plus one"?
-Well, well. [chuckles]
Doesn't this place look like the inside
of a piñata's butthole?
Rick!
-[Rick] Hey.
-You made it.
Aw, yeah. I always like to be
the first one at parties.
That way you get your pick
of parking spots.
My pickup truck is right outside.
Hey, if you ever have a large pile
of soil that you need to move
from one location to another,
I'm your guy.
-Just in case that ever comes up.
-[Sophia] Yeah.
I don't know why it would, but, uh...
Anyway, am I dressed okay?
-These are my going-out slacks.
-You look good.
Hey.
-It's really great to see you again, Rick.
-Ah, yeah, sure. Yeah.
-You don't remember me, do you?
-Nope.
[Rick and Sophia chuckle]
[Rick] I remember this one.
You've done pretty well for yourself here.
I mean, look at this place.
You know you have a bat's nest
up there, right?
[Sophia] What? Bats? Oh.
Kaavi? Does this look right to you?
No.
That doesn't look right at all.
Sophia, you're gonna wanna take a look
at this.
Holy shit.
[rock music playing]
We motherfucking sold out!
[crowd cheering]
-[Sophia] Yeah!
-[man] Speech!
[crowd] Speech! Speech! Speech!
If you want! If you want! If you want!
-If you want!
-All right, all right.
[clears throat]
Uh...
You know, I guess...
not that long ago, I didn't think
that I needed anyone's help but my own.
But the truth is...
I wouldn't be here without all of you.
-You're welcome.
-[Sophia] At every fucking step...
you were there for me.
So, um...
In the beginning there were two sets
of footprints and now there is one
because you were all carrying me.
Thank you. Enjoy yourselves.
Toast over, I'm done.
Well, don't let that moment linger, child.
Turn the music back up.
-[rock music playing]
-[crowd clamoring]
["I'll Come Crashing" playing]
♪ Nothing in my nature
Tells me not to do bad things ♪
♪ I know that I really
Should be good tonight ♪
♪ There's a kind of satisfaction
That destruction brings ♪
♪ Consequences never could convince me
That I should do right ♪
♪ I'll come crashing ♪
♪ I'll come crashing down
In the ash of a fire rack ♪
♪ It feels ♪
[sobs]
[exhales]
[Sophia] Just...
-Do you want a drink or something?
-I'm good. [clears throat]
So, how did the launch go?
I don't wanna talk about that.
So, um...
I needed to see you...
because, uh...
I don't know why.
I thought that I was over you.
But I'm not.
And...
I cared about you so much.
Like, more than you think I did, maybe.
I don't even know if I know what love is,
or how to love someone back, but...
You hurt me so bad.
Um...
Yeah. That's...
all I needed to say.
What were you thinking?!
What, was it because I didn't go
to Chicago?
I'm sorry. I had shit going on, okay?
And you--
You pretended to be so fucking supportive.
Oh, my God. Then you just fucking lied.
You just kept lying to me. Texting.
Texting me to come over
like nothing fucking happened.
Did rehearsal even go late?
I mean, is there even an album?
You're so beautiful.
Stop it.
God, I fucked up.
Yeah.
You did.
What difference does it make?
She means nothing to me.
Yes, but it matters to me, okay?
I can't move on
until you tell me every detail.
Did she kiss you first?
Did you kiss her first?
-Was it happening the whole time?
-No, of course not.
When did it start?
-I told you.
-Tell me again.
[sighs]
Can I be honest with you?
Yeah.
I really hate that fucking song.
[Shane laughs]
-Me, too.
-[chuckles]
[panting]
[Sophia sobs]
[Sophia crying]
All right.
You gotta go.
I don't want to.
If I walk out that door, I...
Please just let me stay
for a few more minutes.
Sophia, please.
Just a few more minutes.
[Passion Pit's "Dreams" playing]
♪ Oh, my life is changing every day ♪
♪ In every possible way ♪
♪ And my dreams
It's never quite as it seems ♪
♪ It's never quite... ♪
[woman 1] When are you getting more?
[woman 2] Nasty Gal is the bomb.
-[woman 3] Expedite my purchase?
-[woman 4] Get more.
[woman 5] Totally rocking stuff,
can't wait for more.
-[woman 6] I want to cancel.
-[woman 7] Is this pocket--
-[woman 8] You have the best shit.
-[woman 9] Amazing stuff.
-[woman 10] I want everything.
-[woman 11] I love it.
-[woman 4] Get more in.
-Here we go.
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ I want more ♪
♪ Impossible to ignore ♪
♪ And they'll come true ♪
♪ Impossible not to do ♪
♪ And now I tell you openly ♪
♪ You have my heart, so don't hurt me ♪
♪ You're what I couldn't find ♪
♪ Hey! ♪